python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 1 --config configs/tiny_single_species.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 2 --config configs/tiny_single_species.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 3 --config configs/tiny_single_species.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 4 --config configs/tiny_single_species.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 5 --config configs/tiny_single_species.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 6 --config configs/tiny_single_species.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 7 --config configs/tiny_single_species.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 8 --config configs/tiny_single_species.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 9 --config configs/tiny_single_species.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 10 --config configs/tiny_single_species.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 1 --config configs/tiny_single_genus.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 2 --config configs/tiny_single_genus.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 3 --config configs/tiny_single_genus.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 4 --config configs/tiny_single_genus.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 5 --config configs/tiny_single_genus.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 6 --config configs/tiny_single_genus.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 7 --config configs/tiny_single_genus.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 8 --config configs/tiny_single_genus.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 9 --config configs/tiny_single_genus.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 10 --config configs/tiny_single_genus.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 1 --config configs/tiny_single_family.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 2 --config configs/tiny_single_family.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 3 --config configs/tiny_single_family.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 4 --config configs/tiny_single_family.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 5 --config configs/tiny_single_family.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 6 --config configs/tiny_single_family.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 7 --config configs/tiny_single_family.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 8 --config configs/tiny_single_family.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 9 --config configs/tiny_single_family.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 10 --config configs/tiny_single_family.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 1 --config configs/tiny_single_class.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 2 --config configs/tiny_single_class.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 3 --config configs/tiny_single_class.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 4 --config configs/tiny_single_class.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 5 --config configs/tiny_single_class.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 6 --config configs/tiny_single_class.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 7 --config configs/tiny_single_class.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 8 --config configs/tiny_single_class.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 9 --config configs/tiny_single_class.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 10 --config configs/tiny_single_class.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 1 --config configs/tiny_single_order.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 2 --config configs/tiny_single_order.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 3 --config configs/tiny_single_order.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 4 --config configs/tiny_single_order.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 5 --config configs/tiny_single_order.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 6 --config configs/tiny_single_order.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 7 --config configs/tiny_single_order.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 8 --config configs/tiny_single_order.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 9 --config configs/tiny_single_order.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 10 --config configs/tiny_single_order.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 1 --config configs/tiny_single_phylum.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 2 --config configs/tiny_single_phylum.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 3 --config configs/tiny_single_phylum.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 4 --config configs/tiny_single_phylum.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 5 --config configs/tiny_single_phylum.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 6 --config configs/tiny_single_phylum.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 7 --config configs/tiny_single_phylum.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 8 --config configs/tiny_single_phylum.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 9 --config configs/tiny_single_phylum.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 10 --config configs/tiny_single_phylum.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 1 --config configs/tiny_hierarchical.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 2 --config configs/tiny_hierarchical.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 3 --config configs/tiny_hierarchical.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 4 --config configs/tiny_hierarchical.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 5 --config configs/tiny_hierarchical.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 6 --config configs/tiny_hierarchical.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 7 --config configs/tiny_hierarchical.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 8 --config configs/tiny_hierarchical.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 9 --config configs/tiny_hierarchical.yaml
python scripts/train_fold.py --fold 10 --config configs/tiny_hierarchical.yaml
